<p>One of the key parts of this mindset is sharing knowledge with others. A great quote on the subject is 'There is&nbsp;<em>nothing noble</em>&nbsp;in&nbsp;<em>being superior</em>&nbsp;to your fellow man; true nobility is&nbsp;<em>being superior</em>&nbsp;to your former self.' &nbsp;Not to mention, the more you give back to the community, the higher your value. If you're just starting off, you might not think you have anything to provide, but in fact, you're looking at the world with a different perspective than someone who has done it for years. For example, you can provide feedback on when training makes no sense or isn't as effective as it could be, and help make it easier for the next person to go through it.&nbsp;</p><p>With that said, you're definitely going to have questions. There are nearly infinite resources out there, and it is rare that you wind up doing something no one has ever done before. If you think you are there, make a post in the forum so we can all look for resources, and congratulations. Before that you have google and people here to help you, and we will always try to help in any way that we can. One of the worst things about hacker culture is this idea that someone should “Read the Man-Pages” or “RTFM”. Man-pages are the manuals that accompany various programs and functions on the Unix operating system, and they are a great resource for people who have spent years learning how to understand them. Right now, you don’t have the knowledge to be expected to understand how they work, and that is fine. There is no pressure to know anything, but there is pressure to learn.&nbsp;</p><p>Xkcd is a nerd cultural treasure and you will see it referenced constantly. Remember, you don’t have to get them all, when you are not sure, there is http://www.explainxkcd.com. Read <a href="https://xkcd.com/1692/">this comic</a>, and hover your mouse over it to get the alt-text. Submit what the alt-text tells you to do.&nbsp;<br></p>