While you may know what the Hopper's part of Hopper's Roppers meant, it is very unlikely that you have ever heard of ROP, or Return Oriented Programming before, and that is perfectly fine. Return-oriented programming (ROP) is an exploit technique that allows an attacker to execute code in the presence of security defenses such as non-executable memory (W xor X technique) and code signing by chaining together and executing carefully chosen machine instruction sequences to get control of the stack... blah blah blah.

Don't worry; none of that should have meant anything to you. While many other sites that attempt to teach this material pre-suppose a great deal of knowledge, we take a different approach to make this challenging subject as approachable as possible. For all of the great resources out there, and all of the incredible pieces of training, nothing walks a complete beginner all the way through the process of developing a strong foundation in the fundamentals. Everyone wants to learn how to do stuff, but very quickly they realize that there is no way for them to learn everything. They’re not wrong; the vast and constantly expanding body of knowledge about this field makes it impossible for anyone to know everything. But what is most important for the beginner to realize is that with the proper knowledge of the fundamentals and a firm grasp of the hacker mentality, that irrepressible drive to learn and to do, nothing is too complex for them to learn if they put the time in. By managing new learners’ expectations of themselves, providing constant quantified feedback on their progress, and bringing them into the community, this site is designed to be as painless as possible.